Added warning re native lazy loading (#2601)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/lighthouse-performance/offscreen-images/index.md

See also [Lazy load offscreen images with lazysizes codelab](/codelab-use-lazysizes-to-lazyload-images).

> ## Warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bug: `loading="lazy"` images are incorrectly flagged
```

> Offscreen image audit incorrectly reports lazy-loaded images when using the new native `loading="lazy"` attribute:
> [LINK](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/issues/6677)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This audit incorrectly flags [natively lazy-loaded images](/native-lazy-loading/).
See [issue #6677](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/issues/6677) for details.
```
